**Card-lens project md file**

*Objective*: Card-lens website is Thao side project with the objective in learning how to vibe code a project that can handle real user traffic, with learning goal to know how to build product achitecture with vibe code using Claude Code, learning effective GTM and how to set up tracking and track product funnel activities with real user. This project is expect to handle at least 200 user engage at the same time with the product without crashing, leaving user with a comfortable experience during the whole user journey. If success, this can be used as a portfolio project to showcase on github and website and used for job application related to Growth, Product Marketing and GTM engineer

*Initial idea*: Card-lens website is a website for the purpose of comparing options of debit cards and credit card between all banks in vietnam. Currently a lot of bank in vietnam is promoting different debit and credit cards with changing "bieu phi" and term or condition, making normal consumer user to understand what card to choose that fit there need. Most user in vietnam rely on banker consultant or shilling to open there card only to realize it cost them more then the benefit they can get from the card. Moreover when open a card, it get complicated if they want to cancel it or open another card, because cancel or open require fee. Also when user used 1 card from this bank, they lack of knowledge about other better card from other bank and accidentally tied themself to only 1 bank ecosystem (NOTE THAT SOME SEGMENT OF USER STILL OPEN ALOT OF CARD, THIS REQUIRE MORE RESEARCH). Card lens website is here to help provide them with main feature is latest bieu phi, Tos of card, as well as helping them with a feature to compare between 2 card (up to 3 card if scallable). The experience scan still be click, drag and drop, but we can also consider using AI chat bot to make user get response faster. I do some inital research and found that not many competitors exist in the market yet, user still rely heavily on facebook group, tiktok review, bank fanpage review, and banker consult to get review. There are website for review similar, but i found there website hardly have enough card of all bank available in vietnam, and i also concern about wether they update latest or real time bieu phi or Tos of banks

*Framework & Skills*: Spec driven development by fision, G-stack and G-braind by Garrytan, marketing psychology skills, and UI/UX designer skills

